So torn
Why don't you bring both into the mansion?
A prince and a general
Don't hurt your husband because of the marriage
How about this?
I hand over the decree of marriage to Sangning
Who does Sunning want to control?
Write that person's name on the decree
How nice
Good Majesty, please listen to Eason Chan, but it's okay to say
It's decided today.
The demons are eyeing the Central Plains
Intent to maintain the world
Before the complete annihilation of the Demon Cult
Sanning has no intention of marrying
Your Majesty, please grant Bichen Zhu to suppress the dutiful son and be ruthless
marriage
We'll discuss it later.
Dragon girl really cares about the world
Since Bichenzhu helps you
I promise
Give him to you
Resurrection is impossible
The Dragon Temple is no longer the Dragon God of the past
When you set out to rebel
You can't give him the victory bead.
Hell, it's a felony for me to exterminate the dragon girl
These Women
The people of the Fire Dynasty are oppressed by the Dragon God Sword Soldiers
People are struggling
On the other hand, Dragon Girl
Nothing happened for five years
And you let your subordinates do what they want?
It's not a rebellion. What is it?
Second son, what evidence do you have?
If you were to spill blood
No, please.
The person who came was brought by the crowd
Emperor Long Chen oppresses the people
Tom is in the beam
Do you want to decide for us?